Reflection Blog - 2
Studying this unit was both interesting and attractive because it dealt with the real life situations where we have multiple solutions for a problem. This unit helped me in understanding how information problems are present and connected to us in real life. 
 In this unit I found some challenges in starting because most of the topics like modelling, formal analysis, optimization and decision theory are new to me. Even though I had some familiarity with photo editing, I explored only the basics and I didn’t explore things like how images are represented or transformation can affect the information they contain. Because of the basics the topics like brightness, contrast and geometric transformations have become easier to me.
Since basic knowledge of the concepts is very clear for me I am able to understand the concept easily. For instance, my usage of photo editing apps in earlier times reminds me of the image processing concept which we learnt in the course, while decision theory related to everyday decision-making where we compare options before choosing one.” Modelling and abstraction also felt similar to simplifying problems in programming.
For me in this whole unit optimization and formal analysis is easier compared to other topics. I learned these topics easily, and by solving the examples it became more easier.  
Generally, this whole unit helped in understanding the concepts like how information is processed, represented and used in decision making. It also helped me in improving my analytical thinking skills and showed me the importance of structured approaches when it comes to problem solving.
